[TASK] Add new section Permissions Managment inside Getting Started docs (#328)
TYPO3-Documentation/TYPO3CMS-Tutorial-GettingStarted: Documentation/PermissionsManagement/Index.rst

    of access management in TYPO3. Actually, it's just the opposite. We want to show you
    that you're working with a great tool. It might seem a bit complicated at first,
    but as you learn more about it, get comfortable using it, and follow some
    well-established practices, you'll find it very effective and easy to use.

We also recognize that each project is unique and may require a distinct setup
for permissions. Therefore, please consider this document as a compilation
of recommended practices and guidelines that could be beneficial in managing
permissions within the TYPO3 backend. However, remember that these recommendations
are adaptable and can be tailored to suit your specific requirements.

What access options can be set within TYPO3?
============================================

Access options in TYPO3 are categorized into several distinct groups.
For a more detailed exploration, you can refer to the :ref:`Access Control Options <t3coreapi:access-options>`
documentation page. However, here's a quick overview to give you an idea
of what to consider when configuring permissions in the backend.

> +------------------+------------------------------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

Reviewer: Tables tend to have a bad readability on small screens and screenreaders. They should only be used for real tabular data. I would suggest to use "definition lists" instead https://docs.typo3.org/m/typo3/docs-how-to-document/main/en-us/WritingReST/Reference/Lists/DefinitionLists.html

Author: Should be fixed.

.. include:: /Includes.rst.txt

.. index:: backend, acl, permissions, user groups, user management

.. _permissions-management:

======================
Permissions Management
======================

.. warning::

   This chapter (and the following) cover modules that will only be available for backend users
   with :ref:`"admin" <admin-user>` access privileges.

Introduction
============

TYPO3 is known for its flexibility and the ability to be expanded. It's packed
with lots of built-in features and can be easily customized to fit your needs.
That's why it is equipped with an advanced way to manage who gets access
to different parts of the system. This solution works well for both small
and large projects, allowing for detailed setting of permissions for various
user roles, each with different levels of access.

> The access options in the TYPO3 backend were split into multiple areas.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The access options in the TYPO3 backend are split into different areas.
```

They can be configured at the levels of users and groups. Access can be set up

> for specific modules and pages, database mounts, file storages, content elements,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
for specific modules and pages, database mounts, file storage, content elements,
```

> and even individual fields within content elements.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
and also individual fields within content elements.
```

> It's crucial to emphasize the importance of a thorough initial setup for

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A well-thought out initial setup is particularly important for 
```

> permissions management. Skipping this foundational step can introduce complex

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
permissions management. Skipping this step can introduce complex
```

issues as your project expands. As time passes, managing access levels can turn
into a challenging and time-consuming task. In extreme situations, you might find

> yourself needing to overhaul your permissions setup entirely. Moreover, improperly

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
yourself needing to overhaul your permissions setup entirely. Moreover, improper
```

> planned permissions could lead to a risky workaround: granting administrative

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
permission setup could lead to a risky workaround: granting administrative
```

> privileges to users who shouldn't have them, though it may seem like a quick fix.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
privileges to users who shouldn't have them, even though it may seem like a quick fix at the time.
```

> This approach compromises security and deviates from best practices.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This approach compromises security and deviates from best practice.
```

.. note::

    The intention behind the previous text isn't to make you worried about the complexity
    of access management in TYPO3. Actually, it's just the opposite. We want to show you
    that you're working with a great tool. It might seem a bit complicated at first,
    but as you learn more about it, get comfortable using it, and follow some
    well-established practices, you'll find it very effective and easy to use.

We also recognize that each project is unique and may require a distinct setup
for permissions. Therefore, please consider this document as a compilation
of recommended practices and guidelines that could be beneficial in managing
permissions within the TYPO3 backend. However, remember that these recommendations
are adaptable and can be tailored to suit your specific requirements.

What access options can be set within TYPO3?
============================================

Access options in TYPO3 are categorized into several distinct groups.

> For a more detailed exploration, you can refer to the :ref:`Access Control Options <t3coreapi:access-options>`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For a more detailed exploration, refer to the :ref:`Access Control Options <t3coreapi:access-options>`
```

documentation page. However, here's a quick overview to give you an idea
of what to consider when configuring permissions in the backend.

..  rst-class:: dl-parameters

Access lists
    **Modules** - A list of submodules accessible to a user

    **Dashboard widgets** - A selection of dashboard widgets that a user can be permitted to use on the dashboard

    **Tables for listing** - A list of tables that a user is permitted to view in the backend

    **Tables for editing** - A list of tables that a user is permitted to edit in the backend

    **Page types** -A list of page types that a user is allowed to use within the pages tree

    **Excludefields** - A list of default-excluded fields (columns) within tables, requiring explicit access permission

    **Explicitly allow/deny field values** - A list of options within select fields whose access is restricted and must be explicitly granted

    **Languages** - Restricts access to content in selected languages only

Mounts
    **Database Mounts** - Specifies which parts of the pages tree are accessible to the user.

>     **File Mounts** - Specify accessible folders within storages for users

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    **File Mounts** - Specify accessible folders within storage for users
```
